#+TITLE: Ghosts in the Toybox
#+SLUG: 14

[[url_for_img:static,file=images/cv/photo-1568828668638-b1b4014d91a2.jpeg][Photo by Susan Holt Simpson on Unsplash]]

This game initially started out as a gamejam idea, where we attempted
to find interesting mechanics we could do with Mobile VR, with the
intention of making a game for Google Daydream, GearVR, or later port
it to other platforms. We decided that the most interesting use for
the motion controller was frisbee golf. After that time, I spent a
little time playing with different courses, trying to find something
fun, but we established that there were two main issue, the first
being that the motion controllers for mobile VR were not accurate
enough to be able to get repeatable shots, but also that you have to
throw one frisbee, then wait to see where it lands, it was not as
interesting after playing for a short while, we wanted something
slightly more fast paced.

The game was then, instead, changed to a wave shooter, in a slightly
cutesy style. I worked on some smoke and mirrors with the throwing
that would allow you to have repeatable shots which, while not as
realistic, given the much more aggressive pace, it was a far more
enjoyable experience.

As the development team for this game was very small, I handled a lot
of the codebase myself. One of the biggest problems I attacked was
that we wanted to have a single seemless world. For this I created a
streaming and culling system that would allow us to aggressively
unload the level as we moved through it, and load the next sections
just in time.

[[url_for_img:static,file=images/cv/photo-ghosts.jpeg][Enemy Ghosts knitted by PixelKnitting on Etsy]]
